hi everybody this is jimmy deyoung
welcome to prophecy today video on this
broadcast we're going to be talking
about the United States forces
withdrawing from Iraq how does that play
into what is going to happen in that
part of the world there's a historic
significance and a prophetic
significance to that particular location
we'll get into that in just a moment on
our weekend broadcast we had some very
important conversations with these men
broadcast partners around the world who
helped us to understand all the current
events unfolding in our world I talked
with Colonel Bob McGinnis in Washington
about the pullout of US troops from Iraq
now i will get to that in just a moment
in more detail we talked with David
Dolan he covers the Middle East for us
with our Middle East news update and
David focused with me on the 24th
anniversary of Hamas their desire to set
up a world wide Khalifa to have dominion
over all of this world by the way
malachi chapter one is talking about the
people known as the Palestinians they
were descendants of Esau they would
return and we rebuild and God said I
will call their borders the borders of
wickedness Ezekiel 35 and verse 5 says
these people these edomites the
Palestinians will kill the Jews and take
their land that seems to be the plan for
Hamas and indeed that's what we covered
with David Dolan yoel Karen talked to us
about Hanukkah talked to us about the
temple but he also talked to us about
the possible civil war there in Judea
and Samaria the possibility of a second
Jewish state is absolute because Bible
prophecy calls for it Ezekiel chapter 37
verses 15 to 23 says there will be a
second Jewish state just prior to the
coming of the Messiah Jesus Christ Ken
timmerman brought to our attention late
breaking news a court case that took
place there in Manhattan in New York
City talking about the Iranian
involvement in 911 Iran is a major
player in the alignment of Nations that
comes against the Jewish state of Israel
Ezekiel 38 5 mentions Persia and until
nineteen thirty-six that's what they
called Iran Afghanistan and Pakistan
they will play a role in the end time
alignment of Nations with Rob Condon we
talked about the European Union
political union taking shape that's
interesting because they're going to
have two tracks robbed oldest and that's
a part of how the revived Roman Empire
comes to power Daniel chapter to Daniel
chapter 7 we're looking at Bible
prophecy being fulfilled there in the
european union right before our very
eyes and steve hurt sake of friends of
israel gave us a lot of information
about Hanukkah the Jewish holy day the
celebration of defeat of Antiochus
Epiphanes by the way it was prophesied
360 years before the fact that Antiochus
Epiphanes would do what he did that's in
Daniel chapter 11 verses 21 to 25 steady
Bible prophecy it helps us to understand
the times in which we are living you can
go to our website prophecy today calm
and listen to all of these interviews
that i did with these broadcast partners
on prophecy today weekend again that
address prophecy today compy TRN
prophecy today radio network but the
lead story has to be the so-called end
of the war in Iraq they had a flag
ceremony there in Baghdad Secretary of
Defense Leon Panetta was there to lead
that ceremony meanwhile there were mass
demonstrations taking place in Fallujah
a Fallujah has been the capital of the
Sunni Muslims remember that Iraq is
broken down into three parts in the
North you have the Kurds in the south
the Shiites in the center part of Iraq
you have the Sunnis and of course that
was the ruling group which Saddam
Hussein came from and they have been
demonstrating in fact they burned
American and Israeli flags there in the
streets and a mass demonstration the
week Iraqi government is going to have
to work very tediously at the task of
rebuilding this war-torn country it's
going to be a real problem because they
do not have the strength they need in
Prime Minister Maliki United States
pulls out albeit they are over there any
Kuwait area but we're going to have to
watch very closely how this unfolds and
as Kent
told us in his interview with me on
prophecy today weekend that there are
Iranian agents in the Iraqi government
that want to take the Iraqi government
down and make it the greater area of
Iran but they're going to have to work
at rebuilding this war-torn nation if
they can get the oil out of the ground
it could be the richest nation in the
world God has a plan for it and we'll
talk about it in a moment I must remind
you of the historic and the prophetic
significance of Iraq are better known as
biblical Babylon let me think with you
historically 4,500 years ago there was a
man named Nimrod he was a great-grandson
of Noah and instead of following the
Lord's command to read people the earth
go out and spread people all over the
earth and occupy it he went to one
location it was on the shores of the
affray tease river there in the land of
Shinar that's modern day Iraq 58 miles
out of downtown Baghdad is the location
where Nimrod built that great city
called Babel 2,500 years ago in the Word
of God you can study about the
Babylonian Empire that came to power
that would be Ezekiel and Daniel they
recorded the events happening with those
two prophets both of them taken into the
Babylonian captivity and factor there is
a record of the fall of the Babylonian
Empire that's Daniel chapter 5 now let
me remind you the Babylonian Empire fell
it was not the city of Babylon the city
never fell azra chapter 7 says there was
a prophet or a man named Ezra there who
went back to Jerusalem he was unbalanced
second beater excuse me first Peter
chapter 5 and verse 13 talks about the
Apostle Peter going to Babylon and
establishing a church Saddam Hussein in
1991 was refurbishing the city of
Babylon it has never been destroyed so
prophetically we have to look at the
fact that Babel in the city has never
been destroyed it is called for its
complete construct a destruction in
Isaiah chapters 13 and 14 Jeremiah 50
and 51 and Revelation chapter 16 verse
17 and following and revelation 18 in
fact in Revelation 18 it says in one
hour versus 10 17 and 18 in one
our Babylon the area we know as Iraq
will be destroyed revelation 18 talks
about babbling the economic power base
of the world all the people will receive
a mark on their forehead the back of
their hand to be able to buy or sell the
merchants will wax rich in their
partnership with the Antichrist who
rules this global economic power and by
the way the economic crisis in our world
today setting the stage for everybody to
take a mark on the forehead to the back
of the hand to be able to buy or sell
reasons for the US military in Iraq are
very evident Saddam Hussein and his
seven million man army going to
Jerusalem had to be taken out that was
not God's plan to march into Jerusalem
Saddam Hussein had to be removed Iraq
has to be rebuilt and up and ready for
operation as Revelation chapter 18 calls
for dear friends as we've talked about
it today on this broadcast the stage is
set all of the personalities are in
place the actors are ready and the
curtains about to go up all the Bible
prophecy will be fulfilled but the next
thing to happen the rapture that happens
and then all the prophecies are
fulfilled rapture could happen in any
moment and having said that nothing left
for me to say except let's keep looking
up until
you